welcome back to my kitchen today I'm
going to share my thoughts with you
about the delivery service called Fresh
Direct I believe their current service
areas are only in New York and in the DC
area I'm pretty far out of DC but they
happen to include Ram
so I gave them a try
[Music]
orderin was really easy I anybody who
knows how to order things online knows
how to order things online it was that
easy they offer a lot of prepared foods
like if you go into the prepared food
section of like a Harris Teeter Central
Market they'll do cheese any Whole Foods
similar offerings to what you would find
in those they have sort of regular
groceries and in buy much in the way of
that from them you'll have a few options
for like mule kit type things I bought
two of those just partly to try them and
partly so I would have something to show
you
because putting a prepared dish into the
oven and taking it out doesn't really
give me any good video I thought that
their strongest area was in the prepared
food we got some vegetarian sushi
we had a quiche that was really tasty
probably it probably had more fat and
saltiness in it good but it was good
really good
got a sweet potato kugel which is like
it's sweet potato casserole with
different stuff on it I ordered around
the time the Jewish New Year so maybe
they were doing food with like a Jewish
theme I know what a kugel is like my in
my family of kugel was always like a
noodle dish but I guess you can make
other casseroles and call it a coup it
was quite good
got the saag paneer which I served over
rice I think that was sold as a side
it's just an Indian it's just an Indian
spinach dish and that was actually
really good
so the prepare food was really good with
the exception of some coleslaw that I
ordered this was like a mustard based
coleslaw and I like mustard we're not
when it's super bitter and this was just
too much
I couldn't eat it the prepared food did
have preservatives in it had the
preservative polysorbate 80 in it and
hence again in a long time I'll buy that
much prepared food I don't think it's
that unusual but I'm just like Google
that I don't think there are any
specific issues with it but it is a
preservative
the website is very clear about how many
days each item is guaranteed to be fresh
for it's not too many on most of the
prepared foods so it would be a good
thing to do if you're like having well
either having people over and you just
want to have food that's ready to go and
not have to worry about it too much
I ordered on a busy weekend when I knew
the kids had a lot of activities and we
were going here and there it was like
you know what food to me ready I don't
have to make a mess in my kitchen don't
have to think about anything it'll be
good and I'm actually reorder again for
this coming weekend no you know me I had
a coupon first coupon was for $50 off a
$100 order in the second coupon was for
$25 off a $75 order item the category
that I was least happy with was sort of
that or what I would consider like
regular grocery produce he ordered some
grapes which tasted good but they were
they were really at the end of their
shelf life they were kind of they were
green and they were starting to get
brown already tasted good but it just
didn't give you very much time to eat
them before they were not gonna taste
good and I ordered a couple of bagged
salads along the lines of this one from
Aldi we were very close to their breasts
by date which did not make me very happy
this one that I got from Aldi has the
best by date of October 14 and they
about an October 5th so that's kind of
you kind of expect to have a little bit
of time with that type of salad before
you have to eat it so I am using one of
them cuz I had so much food to use up
and it's like oh this is part of what I
have to use that so I don't think I
would order anything with a potentially
short shelf life that doesn't tell you
exactly how long will be good for so I
ordered two of the meal kit it was like
a very fancy girl cheese we're
vegetarians the options were kind of
limited there were two other options and
I think they have the same options all
the time so it would be hard to use it
like really regularly but it's not a bad
supplement the old vegetarian options
were a salad which I just don't feel
like paying that kind of price for salad
a salad quinoa dish and quinoa is came
up a dirty word in this house
I can't get anybody came on sorry then
the two that I got the pasta dish was
super similar to the Martha Stewart one
pot pasta recipe and I'll link that
below it's good it's simple this was a
little more complicated to cook the
results were really similar there was
one problem with it I used it before the
best by date they gave you a really tiny
amount of basil to start with and half
of it was brown so it's a little short
on the basil
I prefer that Martha Stewart one pot
pasta dish although this adds burrata
cheese I think in this application you
could get away with fresh mozzarella and
be totally fine and red pepper which we
liked enough that we might think about
doing next time we make the one pot
pasta dish the girl cheese was really
tasty I did end up substituting our own
bread because the bread was hard as a
rock
darn it on the stove and then put it
into the oven kind of like a melt and
then assembled it and there was like a
little very simple side Talent
cannellini beans fresh mint there's some
shallots and rice wine vinegar my
daughter liked it enough and she
actually asked if she could take it with
her and her lunchbox the next day so not
complaining and I'll probably try that
one again I did say the recipe for the
grilled cheese in my Martha Stewart
binder as I said I have an order placed
again for this weekend really stuck to
her prepared foods this time because
that's where I feel like they do the
best job added some meat stuff for my
son pork rotisserie chicken Haley dit
ordered the sushi again easy lunch for
us to take on the go couple things to
eat up I did order the stock prettier
again that was really good you're in
their service area I would recommend
giving them a try I do feel like they
excel more on the prepared food outside
then on the regular grocery or the meal
kit I have encourage you to think about
whether grocery delivery might be right
for you if you enjoyed this video click
Subscribe below I'd love to hear about
your grocery delivery experience
in the comments